dad
but that's not my final destination
after tasting a bit of what Amsterdam
has to offer I'm then taking the train
heading east to Hangul oh you have a
German for them well as I said we'll
handle all the Netherlands tracking down
a player all the way from Ghana will now
play for a tea merchant handler called
FC Twente because the name of Radford or
side stick Pro is international now
getting paid needles making it rain and
a light Yahoo strike the rats will of us
I was born in Accra Ghana we represented
national team curfews are low from
Israeli side Makati hike to FC Twente
and having just moved here he told us we
could find them in a local hotel not far
from the club
ladies cheer for the girls you honest
delivered our promises I'm looking for
rent
thank you this is not speaking we had
reception represent a scene on well it
seems if you want to be a pro footballer
you have to be prepared to live any way
in the world I mean one minute wrestler
was playing in Israel the next thing is
shipped off to the Netherland and as
I've seen from the other players staying
in a hotel for a couple of months it's
quite this King to go looking for
apartment
so now living here oh okay that's
understandable two weeks
you gotta instead - so we wanna do the
school's biggest star my friend oh I'm
just gonna go try straight into it like
I see you already have some shoes set
out here we got soccer boots with 20
favorites sobriety on you yeah very
comfortable Dolce and Gabbana dolce
gabbana night and some more Dolce &
Gabbana yeah let me guess your favorite
bread Dolce & Gabbana yeah I see you've
got your whole new entertainment area
set up here to watch your laptop up here
this your laptop yes I was playing
Israel show me the face that you pull up
this way because you know there's a
Thomas all started you don't say what is
yourself my TOC
and so I have to put them to shame
because my name is TZ baby please don't
forget that okay now sorry you know me
when it comes to PlayStation 3 nice and
easy